---
layout: post
title: "2024-01-07"
author: "Ryan"
categories: games
tags: [sample]
image: 2024_01_07.jpg
---

*Dear [Wife’s Name],

I hope you’re sitting down because what I’m about to propose is nothing short of groundbreaking – I need some quality time off to engage in the riveting and extremely consequential world of touch rugby. Yes, you heard it right, touch rugby.

I understand if you need a moment to absorb the magnitude of this request. It’s not every day that someone demands a hiatus from the mundane activities of family life to chase after a ball like a caffeinated gazelle. But fear not, for I come bearing a compelling argument for the ages.

Firstly, let’s talk about the immense health benefits. You know, the ones that rival the latest miracle diet trends. Forget about those boring, traditional fitness routines; I’ve discovered the ultimate secret to a chiseled physique – dodging pretend tackles and sprinting for a ball that never quite seems to be where I think it is. Who needs a personal trainer when I can perfect my agility by confusing a rugby ball for an elusive shadow?

And here’s the kicker – or should I say, the comedic twist? By allowing me this unparalleled opportunity for athletic glory, you’re not just supporting my quest for rugby stardom; you’re investing in the future of our family’s stand-up comedy routine. Forget Netflix specials; our living room will be the stage for the slapstick masterpiece that is me attempting to remember the rules of the game.

But wait, there’s more! Touch rugby isn’t just a sport; it’s a crash course in strategic planning. I’ll be exercising my brain cells by figuring out whether to pass, run, or simply stand there looking bewildered. It’s a mental workout that will undoubtedly spill over into my daily decision-making prowess at home – a win-win for everyone involved.

In conclusion, my dear partner in this rollercoaster of marital bliss, I present to you the chance of a lifetime. By graciously granting me this time for touch rugby, you’re not just encouraging athleticism and health; you’re allowing our family to bask in the glory of my undoubtedly awe-inspiring rugby adventures.

I eagerly await your approval for this unparalleled quest into the world of touch rugby, where the real winners are the ones who manage not to trip over their own feet.

With unparalleled sarcasm and a touch of athletic prowess,

[Your Name]*


## Squad:

* Dale
* Graham
* Mat T
* Greig
* Keith
* Nick
* Tony
* Timmy
* John
* Dawie
* Shak
* Grant
* Brandan
* Tristian
* Ryan
* Keyraan
* Jason
* Ayub
* Dash
  

## Tries:

* John 7
* Tristan 5
* Dale 3
* Grant 3
* Dawie 3
* Jason 3
* Grieg 2
* Keith
* Keyraan 
* Ayub 
* Nick
* Timmy


## MVP:

* Grant
* Dawie


## Flower:

* Brandan
* Shak


## Kids:

* Brandan


## Beers:

* Ryan P

